🎉 New source: Typeform (#4541)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/typeform.md

# Typeform API

## Overview

> The Square Connector can be used to sync your [Typeform](https://developer.typeform.com/get-started/) data

Reviewer: is this suppose to say Square?

Useful links:
- [Token generation](https://developer.typeform.com/get-started/personal-access-token/)

#### Output schema

This Source is capable of syncing the following Streams:

- [Forms](https://developer.typeform.com/create/reference/retrieve-form/) (Full Refresh)
- [Responses](https://developer.typeform.com/responses/reference/retrieve-responses/) (Incremental)

#### Data type mapping

| Integration Type | Airbyte Type | Notes |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `string` | `string` |  |
| `integer` | `integer` |  |
| `array` | `array` |  |
| `object` | `object` |  |
| `boolean` | `boolean` |  |

#### Features

| Feature | Supported? |
| :--- | :--- |
| Full Refresh Sync | Yes |
| Incremental - Append Sync | Yes |
| Namespaces | No |

### Requirements

* token - The Typeform API key token 

> * start_date - to fetch responses stream data from this date 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* start_date - Date to start fetching responses stream data from.
```
